Add a pull request template (#17281)
github/codeql: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Pull Request checklist

#### All query authors

> - [ ] Add a change note if necessary. See [the documentation](https://github.com/github/codeql/blob/main/docs/change-notes.md) in this repository.

Reviewer: Inconsistent style. I'm not going to discuss which of the two styles that is preferable.

```suggestion
- [ ] Change notes are added if necessary. See [the documentation](https://github.com/github/codeql/blob/main/docs/change-notes.md) in this repository.
```

This matches the declarative style of the other bullets, especially "QL tests are added..." one.

> - [ ] All new queries have appropriate `.qhelp`. See [the documentation](https://github.com/github/codeql/blob/mainπ /docs/query-help-style-guide.md) in this repository.

Reviewer 2: Rogue symbol!
```suggestion
- [ ] All new queries have appropriate `.qhelp`. See [the documentation](https://github.com/github/codeql/blob/main/docs/query-help-style-guide.md) in this repository.
```

Author: Wild. Not sure how that slipped in.

- [ ] QL tests are added if necessary. See [Testing custom queries](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/codeql-cli/using-the-advanced-functionality-of-the-codeql-cli/testing-custom-queries) in the GitHub documentation.
- [ ] New and changed queries have correct query metadata. See [the documentation](https://github.com/github/codeql/blob/main/docs/query-metadata-style-guide.md) in this repository.

#### Internal query authors only

- [ ] If this PR makes significant changes to `.ql`, `.qll`, or `.qhelp` files, make sure that autofixes generated based on these changes are valid. See [the documentation](https://github.com/github/codeql-team/blob/main/docs/best-practices/validating-autofix-for-query-changes.md) (internal access required).

> - [ ] Test your changes [at scale](https://github.com/github/codeql-dca/) (internal access required).

Reviewer: These two bullets might need a reformulation to match the style above.

### Pull Request checklist

- [ ] Add a change if necessary. See [the documentation](https://github.com/github/codeql/blob/main/docs/change-notes.md).

> - [ ] If this PR makes any changes to `.ql`, `.qll`, or `.qhelp` files, make sure that autofixes generated based on these changes are valid. See [the documentation](https://github.com/github/codeql-team/blob/main/docs/best-practices/validating-autofix-for-query-changes.md) (internal access required).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] If this PR makes significant changes to `.ql`, `.qll`, or `.qhelp` files, make sure that autofixes generated based on these changes are valid. See [the documentation](https://github.com/github/codeql-team/blob/main/docs/best-practices/validating-autofix-for-query-changes.md) (internal access required).
```
